Changed api logging feature - docs (#2308)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/cli/dapr-run.md

| `--help`, `-h`                 |                      |                                                                                    | Print this help message                                                                              |
| `--image`                      |                      |                                                                                    | The image to build the code in. Input is: `repository/image`                                         |
| `--log-level`                  |                      | `info`                                                                             | The log verbosity. Valid values are: `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`, or `panic`           |

> | `--enable-api-logging`                  |                      | `false`                                                                             | The API log verbosity.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--enable-api-logging`                  |                      | `false`                                                                             | Enable the logging of all API calls from application to Dapr      |
```

Reviewer: Can you add an example in the examples sections in the file. Like this

```
# Run a NodeJs application that listens to port 3000 with API logging enabled
dapr run --app-id myapp --app-port 3000 --enable-api-logging  -- node myapp.js
```
